chore: align README for non-prefixed packages (#2994)
vaadin/web-components: packages/select/README.md

# @vaadin/select

> A web component to choose a single value from a list of options presented in an overlay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A web component for choosing a single value from a list of options presented in an overlay.
```

Author: Done.
